folks Canadian prepper here just wanted
to give you an update on my food
preparation for the seven-day trek
through the west coast trail take me a
couple days to finally complete the
process because I had to make some beef
jerky and get it all marinated and dried
and now that that's complete
I've vacuum sealed the final product and
I'm just gonna give you a brief rundown
of how it's looking here probably the
most organized I've ever been with
respect to backpacking so I've been able
to compress all the food into a very
convenient the easy to pack vacuum
sealed package it's pretty much similar
to MRE I suppose only make it yourself I
just want to show you what this weighs
in at this is about 3,500 calories
because I did add some sunflower seeds
and some beef jerky which were an extra
450 calories so as you can see that's
930 grams so that's approximately maybe
2.1 pounds so the total here is about 15
pounds for seven days worth of food if
you ask me that's pretty good especially
considering as this is 3,500 calories of
all the micro and macro nutrients I need
approximately a hundred and sixty grams
of protein in each package and I'm not
entirely sure about the denomination of
fats and carbohydrates although I'm not
too concerned with that I do have a
fairly good split you know that there's
3500 calories total now a lot of that is
coming from fats obviously because the
only way to store that amount of food in
such a small space in such a small mass
is to add a lot of fats as fats or
double the calories as carbohydrates
so I do have like I said you know the
reason why I wanted to take this
approach is because they don't have to
cook having anything if I don't want to
I may actually bring a few odds and ends
to cook because I imagine halfway
through the journey I'm gonna want
something cooked but you know I'm not
too concerned with that I'd rather have
convenience for the most part and just
enjoy the scenery and the and the people
and stuff like that
so this is what the outcome is so far
and I'm gonna pack all this up into a
probably like a compression sack of some
sort and the great thing I like about
this is that for one I mean it kind of
blocks the scent to the food so you know
wildlife is gonna be less likely to try
to dispel it and potentially eat it and
come at you also it's gonna be very easy
to manage and keep organized because
every day I'll just crack one of these
packs everything within the package is
individually wrapped and packaged also
so I can sort of eat it throughout the
course of the day and it's going to pack
down rather easily I do have a I'm gonna
show you the bug out bag if you want to
call it that really is more of an
expedition bag and I do have an 85 liter
pack so the space is not too big of a
deal so it is a bit of space but you
know for what it is seven days worth
food and it's going to be everyday it's
gonna be a little bit later so it's
really not too bad I think it should be
okay and I'm just going to have to find
the right sort of stuff sack to put this
in so I will let you know I'll probably
do part three of this series which will
be the bug out bag and the gear within
that itself that should be out tomorrow
because they do want to get it done I'm
good
on the trip next week and I work all
week so I want to get it done before
then just have everything good and ready
to go be prepared in advance so like
comment subscribe if you enjoy the video
and if you want to share your comments
below that would be great thanks for
watching Canadian prepper Oh